[OSDOCS#17058]: DC-2: Image Mirroring and oc mirror Tooling-CQA-1 (#115599)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installing-mirroring-disconnected-mirroring-image-set.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * disconnected/installing-mirroring-disconnected.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="installing-mirroring-disconnected-mirroring-image-set_{context}"]

> = About Mirroring an image set to a mirror registry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= About mirroring an image set to a mirror registry
```

Reviewer 2: not resolved

> = About mirroring an image set to a mirror registry

Reviewer 3: Same here:

```suggestion
= Mirroring an image set to a mirror registry
```

[role="_abstract"]

> You can use the oc-mirror CLI plugin to mirror images to a mirror registry in a partially disconnected environment or in a fully disconnected environment.

Reviewer: is it called the oc-mirror OpenShift CLI plugin, or just the oc mirror plugin? you have oc mirror {oc-first} in another section, check with Shubha

Reviewer 2: @ShaunaDiaz is right. This should be just oc-mirror plugin.

> These procedures assume that you already have your mirror registry set up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your mirror registry must be set up already.
```

Reviewer 2: not resolved
